[asl] Constraint size limits - Prevent imprecise type use on left-hand-side (#1214)
herd/herdtools7: asllib/doc/AbstractSyntax.tex

\arrayindex \derives\ &  \ArrayLengthEnum(\overtext{\identifier}{name of enumeration}, \overtext{\identifier^+}{enumeration labels}) &
\end{flalign*}

> The rules for constraints kind refine the well-constrained kind by annotating it with a precision indicator.

Reviewer: Suggestions:
The rules for constraints kind refine the well-constrained kind by a precision indicator, which indicates whether precision has been lost during the typing of binary operations over well-constrained integer types (see \TypingRuleRef{TypingRule.IntervalTooLarge}).

> The rules for constraints kind refine the well-constrained kind by annotating it with a precision indicator.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
The rules for constraint kinds refine the well-constrained kind by annotating it with a precision indicator.
```
